README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Ruby on Rails Blog App

> The Blog app is a classic example of a blog website. This is a fully functional website that shows the list of posts and empower readers to interact with them by adding comments and liking those posts.

## Built With

- Ruby
- Ruby on Rails
- CSS
- PostgreSQL

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Setup

- clone the repository
`git clone `
- navigate to the folder
`cd Blog-application`

### Prerequisites

- Ruby
- Ruby on Rails 
- CSS

### Install

Run in the terminal to install the gems:

`bundle install`

### Usage

To run the Rails server, in the terminal: 

`rails server`

## Author

👤 **Stephen Annor**

- GitHub: [braincee](https://github.com/braincee)
- Twitter: [annor0543](https://twitter.com/annor0543)
- LinkedIn: [Stephen Annor](https://www.linkedin.com/stephen-annor)




## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

Commit message:

Add command for testing specific folder with rspec

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Ruby on Rails Blog App

> The Blog app is a classic example of a blog website. This is a fully functional website that shows the list of posts and empower readers to interact with them by adding comments and liking those posts.

## Built With

- Ruby
- Ruby on Rails
- CSS
- PostgreSQL

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Setup

- Clone the repository

`git clone `

- Navigate to the folder
- 
`cd Blog-application`

### Prerequisites

- Ruby
- Ruby on Rails 
- CSS

### Install

Run in the terminal to install the gems:

`bundle install`

### Usage

To run the Rails server, in the terminal: 

`rails server`


### Testing with RSpec

- To install rspec: gem install rspec
- To test: rspec
- To test specific folder: rspec spec/requests
- To test specific file: rspec spec/requests/filename_spec.rb

## Author

👤 **Stephen Annor**

- GitHub: [braincee](https://github.com/braincee)
- Twitter: [annor0543](https://twitter.com/annor0543)
- LinkedIn: [Stephen Annor](https://www.linkedin.com/stephen-annor)




## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.
